add hami to Kubernetes device plugin examples (#48866)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/device-plugins.md

* [Akri](https://github.com/project-akri/akri), which lets you easily expose heterogeneous leaf devices (such as IP cameras and USB devices).
* The [AMD GPU device plugin](https://github.com/ROCm/k8s-device-plugin)
* The [generic device plugin](https://github.com/squat/generic-device-plugin) for generic Linux devices and USB devices

> * The [HAMi](https://github.com/Project-HAMi/HAMi) for heterogeneous ai computing virtualization middleware. (For example, NVIDIA, Cambricon, Hygon, Iluvatar, MThreads, Ascend, Metax.)

Reviewer: Grammatical correction. After that, you're good to go

```suggestion
* The [HAMi](https://github.com/Project-HAMi/HAMi) for heterogeneous AI computing virtualization middleware (for example, NVIDIA, Cambricon, Hygon, Iluvatar, MThreads, Ascend, Metax)
```

Author: thanks your review, done

> * [HAMi](https://github.com/Project-HAMi/HAMi),Heterogeneous AI Computing Virtualization Middleware,Support unified scheduling, management, and monitoring of heterogeneous AI chips(such as Nvidia,Cambricon,Hygon,Iluvatar,Mthreads,Ascend,Metax)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [HAMi](https://github.com/Project-HAMi/HAMi), formerly known as 'k8s-vGPU-scheduler', is a
  heterogeneous device management middleware for Kubernetes. It supports diverse AI chips,
  including Nvidia, Cambricon, Hygon, Iluvatar, Mthreads, Ascend, and Metax.
```

Reviewer 2: Do not mark it as 'Resolved' if any differing opinions. We value and encourage diverse ideas! 😅

Author: It should be a mistake, not intentional. I have simplified the description, can you help review it again? Thank you.
